behold the Lord's hand is not shortened
behold the Lord's hand is not shortened that it cannot save nor his ear heavy
that it cannot save nor his ear heavy
that it cannot save nor his ear heavy that it cannot hear but your iniquities
that it cannot hear but your iniquities
that it cannot hear but your iniquities have separated you from your God and
have separated you from your God and
have separated you from your God and your sins have hidden his face from you
your sins have hidden his face from you
your sins have hidden his face from you so that he will not hear for your hands
so that he will not hear for your hands
so that he will not hear for your hands are defiled with blood and your fingers
are defiled with blood and your fingers
are defiled with blood and your fingers with iniquity your lips have spoken lies
with iniquity your lips have spoken lies
with iniquity your lips have spoken lies your tongue as muttered perversity no
your tongue as muttered perversity no
your tongue as muttered perversity no one calls for justice nor does any plead
one calls for justice nor does any plead
one calls for justice nor does any plead for truth they trust in empty words and
for truth they trust in empty words and
for truth they trust in empty words and speak lies they conceive evil and bring
speak lies they conceive evil and bring
speak lies they conceive evil and bring forth iniquity they hatch vipers eggs
forth iniquity they hatch vipers eggs
forth iniquity they hatch vipers eggs and weave the spider's web he who eats
and weave the spider's web he who eats
and weave the spider's web he who eats of their eggs dies and from that which
of their eggs dies and from that which
of their eggs dies and from that which is crushed a viper breaks out their webs
is crushed a viper breaks out their webs
is crushed a viper breaks out their webs will not become garments nor will they
will not become garments nor will they
will not become garments nor will they cover themselves with their works their
cover themselves with their works their
cover themselves with their works their works are works of iniquity and the act
works are works of iniquity and the act
works are works of iniquity and the act of violence is in their hands their feet
of violence is in their hands their feet
of violence is in their hands their feet run to evil and they make haste to shed
run to evil and they make haste to shed
run to evil and they make haste to shed innocent blood their thoughts are
innocent blood their thoughts are
innocent blood their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity wasting and
thoughts of iniquity wasting and
thoughts of iniquity wasting and destruction are in their paths the way
destruction are in their paths the way
destruction are in their paths the way of peace they have not known and there
of peace they have not known and there
of peace they have not known and there is no justice in their ways they have
is no justice in their ways they have
is no justice in their ways they have made themselves crooked paths whoever
made themselves crooked paths whoever
made themselves crooked paths whoever takes that way shall not know peace
takes that way shall not know peace
takes that way shall not know peace therefore justice is far from us nor
therefore justice is far from us nor
therefore justice is far from us nor does righteousness overtake us we look
does righteousness overtake us we look
does righteousness overtake us we look for light but there is darkness for
for light but there is darkness for
for light but there is darkness for brightness but we walk in blackness we
brightness but we walk in blackness we
brightness but we walk in blackness we grope for the wall like the blind and we
grope for the wall like the blind and we
grope for the wall like the blind and we grope as if we had no eyes we stumble at
grope as if we had no eyes we stumble at
grope as if we had no eyes we stumble at noonday as at Twilight we are as dead
noonday as at Twilight we are as dead
noonday as at Twilight we are as dead men in desolate places we all growl like
men in desolate places we all growl like
men in desolate places we all growl like bears and moans sadly like doves we look
bears and moans sadly like doves we look
bears and moans sadly like doves we look for justice but there is none for
for justice but there is none for
for justice but there is none for salvation but it is far from us
salvation but it is far from us
salvation but it is far from us for our transgressions are multiplied
for our transgressions are multiplied
for our transgressions are multiplied before you and our sins testify against
before you and our sins testify against
before you and our sins testify against us for our transgressions are with us
us for our transgressions are with us
us for our transgressions are with us and as for our iniquities we know them
and as for our iniquities we know them
and as for our iniquities we know them in transgressing and lying against the
in transgressing and lying against the
in transgressing and lying against the Lord and departing from our God speaking
Lord and departing from our God speaking
Lord and departing from our God speaking oppression and revolt conceiving and
oppression and revolt conceiving and
oppression and revolt conceiving and uttering from the heart words of
uttering from the heart words of
uttering from the heart words of falsehood justice is turned back and
falsehood justice is turned back and
falsehood justice is turned back and righteousness stands afar off for truth
righteousness stands afar off for truth
righteousness stands afar off for truth is fallen in the street and equity
is fallen in the street and equity
is fallen in the street and equity cannot enter
cannot enter
cannot enter so truth fails and he who departs from
so truth fails and he who departs from
so truth fails and he who departs from evil makes himself a prey then the Lord
evil makes himself a prey then the Lord
evil makes himself a prey then the Lord saw it and it displeased him that there
saw it and it displeased him that there
saw it and it displeased him that there was no justice he saw that there was no
was no justice he saw that there was no
was no justice he saw that there was no man and wondered that there was no
man and wondered that there was no
man and wondered that there was no intercessor therefore his own arm
intercessor therefore his own arm
intercessor therefore his own arm brought salvation for him and his own
brought salvation for him and his own
brought salvation for him and his own righteousness it sustained him for he
righteousness it sustained him for he
righteousness it sustained him for he put on righteousness as a breastplate
put on righteousness as a breastplate
put on righteousness as a breastplate and a helmet of salvation on his head he
and a helmet of salvation on his head he
and a helmet of salvation on his head he put on the garments of vengeance for
put on the garments of vengeance for
put on the garments of vengeance for clothing and was clad with zeal as a
clothing and was clad with zeal as a
clothing and was clad with zeal as a cloak according to their deeds
cloak according to their deeds
cloak according to their deeds accordingly he will repay fury to his
accordingly he will repay fury to his
accordingly he will repay fury to his adversaries recompense to his enemies
adversaries recompense to his enemies
adversaries recompense to his enemies the coastlands
the coastlands
the coastlands he will fully repay so shall they fear
he will fully repay so shall they fear
he will fully repay so shall they fear the name of the Lord from the West and
the name of the Lord from the West and
the name of the Lord from the West and his glory from the rising of the Sun
his glory from the rising of the Sun
his glory from the rising of the Sun when the enemy comes in like a flood the
when the enemy comes in like a flood the
when the enemy comes in like a flood the Spirit of the Lord will lift up a
Spirit of the Lord will lift up a
Spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against him
standard against him
standard against him the Redeemer will come to Zion and to
the Redeemer will come to Zion and to
the Redeemer will come to Zion and to those who turn from transgression in
those who turn from transgression in
those who turn from transgression in Jacob as for me this is my covenant with
Jacob as for me this is my covenant with
Jacob as for me this is my covenant with them my spirit who is upon you and my
them my spirit who is upon you and my
them my spirit who is upon you and my words which I have put in your mouth
words which I have put in your mouth
words which I have put in your mouth shall not depart from your mouth nor
shall not depart from your mouth nor
shall not depart from your mouth nor from the mouth of your descendants nor
from the mouth of your descendants nor
from the mouth of your descendants nor from the mouth of your descendants
from the mouth of your descendants
from the mouth of your descendants descendants from this time and
descendants from this time and
descendants from this time and forevermore